Chururira・Chururira・Daddadda!
Roughly counting, there's about forty people,
everyone keeping their eyes alert
So as not to overlook even the smallest sin
Holding in my breath and fixedly surveying the vicinity
If you let your tail slip, it's the end,
tattle-tale eye classroom
That's right, keeping my true feelings
secret to end. Kicking them down.
So I alone will be left surviving
Come! Come! I've got some info (on someone)!
I'll tell teacher!
Look, see, there are guys this bad! 1 2 3 4 (of them)
Come! Come! It's erasure! The bad kids exit!
I won't stop till I'm the last one left~
Chururira・chururira・daddadda!
They've decreased a bit, thirty people,
locked room classroom
Tension rushes through me, I'm gonna start shivering...
I found one today too!
An idiot who showed their tail! Kicking them down
Everyone, in the blacklist class
Come! Come! I've got some info (on someone)!
I'll tell teacher!
I'll put a scalpel in your maddened brain
Come! Come! Look, one more has disappeared
I won't stop till I'm the last one left~
Chururira・chururira・daddadda!
(Chant along)
Come! Come! I've got some info (on someone)!
I'll tell teacher!
Chururira・chururira・daddadda!
Chururira・chururira・daddaddaddadda!
So I alone will be left surviving!
Come! Come! I've got some info (on someone)!
I'll tell teacher!
Oh wow! They're already gone,
classmates at zero (people)
Come! Come! It's erasure, teacher,
I'll do you too!
I won't stop till I'm the last one left~
Chururira・chururira・daddadda!